Add browser jshandle docs (#1617)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/k6-experimental/browser/jshandle/getproperties.md

# getProperties()

> This allows you to inspect and interact with the properties of the object within the page context.

Reviewer: To be consistent with other method descriptions.

```suggestion
Allows inspection and interaction with the properties of the object within the page context.
```
